client/README.md, before:

# overPing [aka ft_transcendence] Online pong Game with Chat and Friend Matching

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Description

This project is the client-side application for an online ping pong game that features a chat system and a friend matching system. It's built using React with Apollo Server for the frontend, and it uses Tailwind CSS for styling. The project currently includes various pages such as a landing page, home page, login, chat, game, and profile pages. Data is mocked using MirageJS, which serves as the GraphQL server.

## Technologies

The project uses the following technologies:

- React
- Apollo Server
- Tailwind CSS
- MirageJS

## Features

The application offers the following features:

- **Landing Page:** A welcoming introduction to the game.
- **Home Page:** A user dashboard with game information and notifications.
- **Login:** User authentication and login.
- **Chat:** Real-time chat system for communicating with other players.
- **Game:** Play ping pong online with other users.
- **Profile:** User profiles with information and statistics.
- **Friend Matching System:** Find and connect with friends for playing games.
- **Mocked GraphQL Server:** Data is mocked using MirageJS for development and testing.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:Abdellahmaarifa/overPing.git
   cd overPing
   ```

2. Install project dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Access the application in your browser at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! To contribute to this project, follow these steps:

1. Check the [Issues](https://github.com/Abdellahmaarifa/overPing/issues) section for existing issues or open a new issue to discuss potential contributions.

2. Fork the project and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

3. Make your changes and submit a pull request..

## License

This project is licensed under the [License Name]. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.

Commit message:

docs: Add Root README, .env.example, and References
In this commit, I added a README file to the root folder, providing references to the client README and the upcoming API README. Additionally,I  included a basic .env.example file with explanations for the required environment variables,i also added a folder docs in the root that will hold the docs of the services in the ongoing development proccess setting the stage for a well-documented project.

client/README.md, after:

# overPing [aka ft_transcendence] Online pong Game with Chat and Friend Matching

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Description

This project is the client-side application for an online ping pong game that features a chat system and a friend matching system. It's built using React with Apollo Server for the frontend, and it uses Tailwind CSS for styling. The project currently includes various pages such as a landing page, home page, login, chat, game, and profile pages. Data is mocked using MirageJS, which serves as the GraphQL server.

## Technologies

The project uses the following technologies:

- React
- Apollo Server
- Tailwind CSS
- MirageJS

## Features

The application offers the following features:

- **Landing Page:** A welcoming introduction to the game.
- **Home Page:** A user dashboard with game information and notifications.
- **Login:** User authentication and login.
- **Chat:** Real-time chat system for communicating with other players.
- **Game:** Play ping pong online with other users.
- **Profile:** User profiles with information and statistics.
- **Friend Matching System:** Find and connect with friends for playing games.
- **Mocked GraphQL Server:** Data is mocked using MirageJS for development and testing.

## Installation

To run this project locally,yous hould create .env file, please refere to .env.example for more information, and then follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:Abdellahmaarifa/overPing.git
   cd overPing
   ```

2. Install project dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Access the application in your browser at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! To contribute to this project, follow these steps:

1. Check the [Issues](https://github.com/Abdellahmaarifa/overPing/issues) section for existing issues or open a new issue to discuss potential contributions.

2. Fork the project and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

3. Make your changes and submit a pull request..

## License

This project is licensed under the [License Name]. For more details, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file.
